Wow
hey guys welcome in this video I'll show
you in this tutorial how to actually get
the experience share also known as the
XP share in Seoul so now the only way
you can actually get this is before and
you must either knock out or capture a
red Gyarados it's actually as you can
see in my team
this carry goes down here it's a red
cabbage now you make sure you capture
not kill and you'll give you the red
scale you not be able to do it without
it so once you have fly over to you to
go to route 30 so to do that let's take
a little fly okay and just fly over to
Cherry Grove City and got to find this
house where they actually this guy mr.
Pokemon will give you the experience
here
our ass up
so mr. pokemons house room 30 here we go
Hey
let's go in the house
inspector cetera here
all right so you wanna head up keep
going don't go inside a house it's the
African guy sound mr. Pokemon man keep
heading all the way north on the right
side all right
you
so this is this house right here yes so
once you have the red scale speak to him
and you will actually give you
the experience share by giving him the
Red Scare here we go
yourself the way the ground experience
share works is you give it to any
pokemon you have in your party and he
actually doesn't even have to
just not too bad okay 50 percent of the
experience that the other Pokemon who is
battling would get so if you if the guy
battle and knocks out say a Pidgey and
the pitcher gives them a hunter
experience the other guy who hasn't
battled will get 50 and then who battle
that's pretty much it guys
ah the I'll stop this video right here
you guys have any other items you guys
want me to find anything else please
feel free to comment or just send me a
message I'll gladly take a look and
that's pretty much it guys
thank you guys for watching please